_pages/call-for-letters-of-interest.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Call for Letters of Interest - ECSA
header: Call for Letters of Interest
permalink: /series/call-for-letters-of-interest/
---

The ECSA Steering Committee fosters and selects proposals for organizing ECSA. Its composition is available [here](/series/steering-committee/). ECSA is self-funded. Each year the organization of ECSA is funded from the payment of registration fees and additional sponsors or actions.

The ECSA Steering Committee now invites the submission of Letters of Interest to organize ECSA in September 2025 and onwards. More information about the conference organization can be found at the [ECSA Charter](/assets/docs/ECSA-Steering_Committee_Charter-v2023-11-01.pdf).

The Letters of Interest are meant to inform the ECSA Steering Committee of the potential intent of teams to organize ECSA in prospective venues. Please note that the submission of the letter is just the first step in a more extensive evaluation procedure as indicated in the ECSA Charter.

The Letter of Interest to organize ECSA 2025 must include:
- the proposed General Chair (name and short CV, including experience on organizing international conferences),
- the location (general presentation of the potential venue site and the city),
- a preliminary list of organizations supporting the proposal, including academia, research institutions, industry and other relevant organizations.

The proposal may also include an initial list of names for potential Program Chair(s) and other Organizing Committee members, but these are not binding as they are approved by the Steering Committee in a separate procedure.

Submission of the Letter of Interest:
- **Deadline:** 20th October 2023 (23:59 Anywhere on Earth)
- **Procedure:** Send your application by email to the SC chair, [Paris Avgeriou](mailto:p.avgeriou@rug.nl).

Commit message:

Mention rule book for ECSA OCs in CfLI.

_pages/call-for-letters-of-interest.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Call for Letters of Interest - ECSA
header: Call for Letters of Interest
permalink: /series/call-for-letters-of-interest/
---

The ECSA Steering Committee fosters and selects proposals for organizing ECSA. Its composition is available [here](/series/steering-committee/). ECSA is self-funded. Each year the organization of ECSA is funded from the payment of registration fees and additional sponsors or actions.

The ECSA Steering Committee now invites the submission of Letters of Interest to organize ECSA in September 2025 and onwards. More information about the conference organization can be found at the [ECSA Charter](/assets/docs/ECSA-Steering_Committee_Charter-v2023-11-01.pdf). Also, Organizing Committees must adhere to the [ECSA rule book](/assets/docs/ECSA-rulebook-v1.0.pdf).

The Letters of Interest are meant to inform the ECSA Steering Committee of the potential intent of teams to organize ECSA in prospective venues. Please note that the submission of the letter is just the first step in a more extensive evaluation procedure as indicated in the ECSA Charter.

The Letter of Interest to organize ECSA 2025 must include:
- the proposed General Chair (name and short CV, including experience on organizing international conferences),
- the location (general presentation of the potential venue site and the city),
- a preliminary list of organizations supporting the proposal, including academia, research institutions, industry and other relevant organizations.

The proposal may also include an initial list of names for potential Program Chair(s) and other Organizing Committee members, but these are not binding as they are approved by the Steering Committee in a separate procedure.

Submission of the Letter of Interest:
- **Deadline:** 20th October 2023 (23:59 Anywhere on Earth)
- **Procedure:** Send your application by email to the SC chair, [Paris Avgeriou](mailto:p.avgeriou@rug.nl).
